Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2?

   Launching of the HTTP/2 was an attempt to overcome the limitations of HTTP/1.1anc make it a more effient web protocol,
So the major difference in these two are mainly the additons or ipgrade applied in HTTP/2.

HTTP/1.1
    HTTP protocol was developed in 1989 as the common launguage that enbles client and server machine's insstraction 

1.The client (browser) has to send a request to the server using the method(GET/POST).
2.Server repomds with the requested resoure ,for example image ,alondside the status of what it did to the client-request

Keep in mind that this is not a one-time processSuch requests and responses needs to be tranfered betwwen both these machines unit 
the client recieves all the resoures essentials to load a web page on the end-users screen 

this request-response exchange can be regrarded as an IP stack being handled by tranfer layer and networking layers before finally reaching
to the application layer,Now let see how HTTP/2 handles the samje scinario

HTTP/2

HTTP/2 was released at Google as the significant improvement of its predecessor. It was initially modeled after the SPDY protocol and
went through significant changes to include features like multiplexing, header compression, and stream prioritization to minimize page
load latency. After its release, Google announced that it would not provide support for SPDY in favor of HTTP/2.

The major feature that differentiates HTTP/2 from HTTP/1.1 is the binary framing layer. 
Unlike HTTP/1.1, HTTP/2 uses a binary framing layer. This layer encapsulates messages – converted to its binary 
equivalent – while making sure that its HTTP semantics (method details, header information, etc.) remain untamed.
This feature of HTTP/2 enables gRPC to use lesser resources.



2.Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript.
These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol)
in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).

Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value.
That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.

Loosely speaking, objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, 
in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively,
in the context of an object.
